,kcluster,content,author
0,0, You guys recalling my first VoiceLine in the Daily Check In channel.,Nicolas Kübler
1,0, I'm cooking Also and weirdos.,Nicolas Kübler
5,0," Good morning boys and girls. So today we're gonna have this amazing kick off meeting and when I'm going to. And do some async kick off work. And. Afterwards, I know. Let's see. Maybe. Maybe it's something else. If anything, we go to a gym for sure today. And I'm also. Thanks here, wants to do the animations, so maybe a little bit. Today or later. See, see.",Lorenz Westner
8,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to. The before midday continue with her front end recorder. And building the post Recording shared suggested thing and afterwards I'm going to. Going to get feedback from Nick, from Leno and Daniel and then let's see. Bye, bye.",Lorenz Westner
13,0, Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to work probably on some home screen animations of Daniel. And the rest of the day I'm going to do the recorder stuff. That's it for me. Bye bye.,Lorenz Westner
15,0," Morning. So the gets objects from. So for best be on is working fine and now I'm continuing with the post for. Updating texts. Yeah, and I think. That's it. Hopefully if there is no more things concerning PCG.",Sebastian Maurischat
16,0," Yo-yo, so I am working on. Yeah, the new project all day today. Yeah, with, you know, doing. I didn't ration and moving on. Yeah. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
17,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to keep on working on the recorder. Maybe check out the e-mail stuff Daniel later. And that's it for me. Bye, bye.",Lorenz Westner
22,0," OK guys, so today I'm back to. Posting. No so Tag updates should ohh so complicated. Holy ****. So Tag updates should go to. Through SAP.",Sebastian Maurischat
26,0," Morning brother girl. So today I'm going to. Umm, I don't know actually. I guess I'm going to continue on the front end recorder a little bit today. I think one day is probably enough to make more progress, but after that I'm probably. Also trying to improve his suggest thing a little bit. And to find names and drawn. I've made some goals yesterday, but we're not there yet. Bye, bye.",Lorenz Westner
30,0, So I'm just doing a test recording so I can show you the bug that Nico and I found this morning.,Max Luedecke
68,0, Your morning guys. So I'm back in town and I'm ready to build and I'm gonna fix a few funny bugs and and then we can have a test period hopefully by tonight. See you guys.,Lorenz Westner
73,0," Alright, alright, alright. Recording VoiceLine here. This has all been track.",Nicolas Kübler
74,0," Morning boys. So today I'm going to. Clean up the front and a little bit. Um, and probably start with preparations for smart report. I think most bugs are actually done and yeah, should be fine. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
91,0," Good morning, people. I'm back in doing Home Office again.",Sebastian Maurischat
97,0,,Lorenz Westner
103,0,,Lorenz Westner
109,0," Good morning boys and girls. Yesterday I. Guten Morgen, Boys yesterday Lawrence niedrigsten Python Problem with retrans driving so now retrans going different languages again possible. Problem with docker images so downs we day almost. Und today go Continue will Salesforce App Information I can. So what we can smooth process in the App Aushängeschild together contact again with. Surfguide because Bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
117,0,"Morning was good. So today I'm gonna continue probably with mobile stuff. I'm gonna talk to Seb, how we push for Shama around and the next thing, I think that's probably enough for today. Bye, bye. ",Lorenz Westner
136,0," Morning boys and girls. So for me I am. Thinking about great project ideas, but when I'm not doing that, I'm actually doing something else and this is making this motherboard work. Yeah, it's all about do every day, all day long. It's called brutal focus and this is what I do. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
141,0, Good morning people. It's a pretty quiet day today. That means I can start with any others CRM integrations on the list which are not Salesforce. Bye bye.,Sebastian Maurischat
143,0," Hallo Lorenz Westner, hier heute den Check in. You were up there, chicken. I'm gonna work on the e-mail stuff now. Test flights live, everybody. Have fun. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
151,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm gonna build in the error snack bars and improve little bits here and there. And yeah, it's Tuesday, so. Probably try to fix bugs today and tomorrow if you find them and the rest would go. And then on Wednesday we try to publish the first version to the store. So let's see how that goes. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
155,0," Morning boys and girls. So I said yesterday we're trying to push out for Apple build today. I hope people report back if they find them because it's last chance probably before the 1st of August. For strictly mobile backs. Um, yeah, Um. There's a bunch of other stuff that's gonna be Dann simultaneously saying thing them into Namo. And other stuff, but with the main thing. First day at least. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
163,0,"Morning boys. So I have some stuff for SAP. I'm trying to fix the login forwarding for OF and after that I'm hopefully in peace. Starting with offline recording. Um yeah, which is a longer project and I don't have to talk to anybody, hopefully. So that's it. Bye bye. ",Lorenz Westner
165,0," Hallo Hallo uns, da wir on. The offline recording uploading in Everything Health and Bye.",Lorenz Westner
175,0," Hey, I'm sorry I haven't sent anything in daily checking for so long. I totally forgot about it. But now I'm gonna start consistently doing this. Umm. Today I'm gonna continue working on updating the My Voice Lines page on the website. And that's about it.",Peyton Protiva
176,0,Morning guys. So today. Uh. I will continue with your back and rewrite. Easy Peasy Lemon squeezy. In my off time I will help Max write normal German words because he's struggling really hard. But that's OK. Umm yeah. So my my day is probably filled with supporting works in translation. Bye bye. ,Lorenz Westner
184,0,"Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going. Yeah. To work on a few things, mostly preparing the zoo off thing. Paid now or what should work in a nutshell? And in between that, I'm continuing flipping out Prisma. Yeah, bye, bye. ",Lorenz Westner
190,0," Morning boys and girls. Today I'm gonna set up a zoo off thing visually as well. Um, so we can have it in the test flight of the day. And we could talk to Apple about launching the next page. My wife.",Lorenz Westner
193,0, Morning boys Sir. Today I'm continuing with backward pop up and. Getting rid of Prisma. That's it for me. Bye bye.,Lorenz Westner
205,0, Morning boys and girls. So I'm going to. Implement the off project fax thing for mobile and secondary thing is. The image uploading which is kind of connected with an old prisma called I want to change anyways so I guess it goes going to those two things together. And yeah. I think it's probably the whole day. Bye bye.,Lorenz Westner
207,0," Hey Um, today I'm gonna continue the my Voice Lines update which I started like 2 weeks ago and then shelved Um. So I'm gonna finish that off, fix some visual glitches, and yeah, hopefully I'll be able to get that done today.",Peyton Protiva
209,0," Morning, boys. So they I'm going to do engineering stuff the whole day. Bye, bye.",Lorenz Westner
215,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to delete more Christmas stuff, create more deep linking functionality and that's it probably. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
221,0," Morning boys. So depending on how fast Leaner is going to be with his German dictionary, I'm either going to start that as soon as possible or I start with multi select for the channels. Um added with all the back end stuff that's needed for that. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
226,0,OK good morning boys and girls. So today I have photographer Leno but I'm either gonna clean up more front and back end or start for much lect but multi select is not live anyway for a few weeks so I think everything is a better short term brand but let's see. ,Lorenz Westner
230,0,"Morning Boys so ein Waiting on Linus CM. I nimms and the german prompts to make more complicated report in the customer meeting. T. Leven o. So, und wenn. Two minutes now i go take today so that everything is prepared to ready bye. Bluetooth Bug bevor wir change such major things, maybe the relevant. Josep starting his flotter development kits and changing the second, the bei dir good day shoot me. ",Lorenz Westner
233,0, Morgen. Morgen. Heute arbeite ich am Multi Select. Das war's von mir. Auf Wiedersehen.,Lorenz Westner
235,0,,Lorenz Westner
238,0, I am continuing with ö and now finishing up so who continue only five drive by.,Sebastian Maurischat
240,0,"Hallo, so wie Design for the transcription that. That then moving on two. Genug startet und. Work social and the ventilation ja today ans maskieren, das ist für mich dabei. ",Daniel Thranholm
241,0,"Hallo Boys, so today we mandatory Fields in the report smoothy front and work because i have to Daniel Button sowie Show people whats wrong meaning of about the future version wie q base lift MT something just try to scroll im Interview im Interview. Ja, bitte. Play Bye. ",Lorenz Westner
244,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm I should already did a few things. I opened the door for Maximilian, who doesn't have keys because he's untrustworthy. I helped set and Nicolino judged Sept shoes, and that's basically the major work of a day done. And for the rest of the day I'm going to maybe if I want to write a little bit of dart code and make a retranscribe happen. So that's it from my side. I also have a meeting with. Daniel and Leno. Let's see what that's about.",Lorenz Westner
248,0," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to. Finish up the retranscribe visual changes, specifically the Empty voice line list item with audio only and left voice lines instead of nothing. Um, and after it I'm starting with the Bluetooth recorder testing. To figure out if any of the libraries you currently have allow for. Release of Bluetooth afterwards. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
