,kcluster,content,author
6,1, Hi after the workshop I will really focus on the integration parts again. Yeah. And that's it. So I'm trying to. Actually I'm trying to.,Sebastian Maurischat
10,1,Hello nothing done yesterday so the message is still the same what I'm doing so the I'm continuing less you want. Continuing with. CRM integrations and Next up is the is trying to or at least checking if the credentials that provided us is actually working. Bye bye. ,Sebastian Maurischat
31,1," Hi, Morning. Only little progress on the SAP push stuff. For best beyond Um, I wanted to. Fix the outstanding Flutter bug with the keyboard extension, which would block ****. And I having floral problem with getting the environment to run again as we always have with flutter apparently. Trying to fix that now.",Sebastian Maurischat
36,1," Good morning. I'm concerning with the CRM integration. I have to figure out today how to best. Trigger the CRM update both from a summary perspective if there is a summary. Or from a pure transcription perspective, when there is none. It's not so easy because one is async and the other is not, so we have to bring it together again. Also with like. The same problem exists also with notifications, so I have to think about it a bit. Or just split it with transcription length. But make it, Um, make the method pretty general. And then bring Also the mentions into the sink into the update to the CRM. That's it by.",Sebastian Maurischat
41,1," Hello, good morning and I so yesterday I progressed pretty far on the. Except for one. One case. Um. So that's in its course. It's actually working fine. Um, now I want to abstract little bits and to pull some some stuff out of the whole logic. I mean, it's a mess right now, so I need to clean it up and then pull it some stuff out so that we can reuse it also for. For other integrations and. Um. And I think then I'm actually. Pushing it at least to staging. Or to app and so we can so we could potentially test it and then I'm just continuing with Salesforce directly. Yeah. That's it. Bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
45,1," Good morning, boys and girls. So. The. So the connection to the SP. Says closed version one is working fine now. We get some instability still in the whole process coming from the front end. And over to Lyra and then to the back end. Tried to fix it yesterday. Couldn't make it so the back end is working, but now I have to connect everything up.",Sebastian Maurischat
49,1," Morning. Yesterday I managed to test the first workflow in its. Completeness so from the So recorder voice line and then tech. Up as beyond. A lead or account? Um, as as if he calls it and then. It showed up in the SP system, right? That's what we want to have. And now I think I'm continuing directly with. Salesforce, maybe I can finalize it today and in the best case I also figure out how they do the web hooks. Hmm.",Sebastian Maurischat
54,1," I'm Morning, so from a a high level overview, still the same, still the same. So the Salesforce. Uh, web hook is executing Um against the back end correctly and now I need to forward the request to the already existing endpoint in Lyra and. Uh, transformative it so that it's so that it updates the existing database. Um. Yeah, the problem is we need to figure out which Um. Workspace and actually is while the HubSpot web hook is executing. Um. From the, yeah, from a general system perspective, right? So we have to figure out for Which workspace it actually is, which makes it different, right?",Sebastian Maurischat
57,1," Hello still on the same. Morning. Still on the same topic. Um. I mean everything is working fine but the Update. Of Laura is somehow. But I couldn't figure it out what's going on. But it's sometimes it's Updating it, sometimes it's not. It cannot find the ID. Somehow the whaler is working, there is but. And not so super clear it's now complaining about. Um, about boosting values and I'm not sure I investigate a bit more, but that's. It's Laura consuming the updated back end or? And CRM account which is coming from Salesforce in the end, right?",Sebastian Maurischat
61,1," Hello peeps, so the sink is working rudimentarily. There are for sure bugs which we need to find out and test. I'm going to continue now with the with the structural stuff for the for Lyra and. And so that it's syncing so that syncing 1 Workspace is possible and also I want to have a. A dev environment, because otherwise it will **** ** always in the future and also for testing it's always difficult to find out what's going on. Yeah. So it's a lot of. Yeah, clicking around and trying, trying stuff out today. So so that in the end we also have. Development search instance.",Sebastian Maurischat
79,1," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm going to work more on the back end stuff. I'm writing a pretty fast query to get the report. Basically the logic piece of figuring out if a new voice lines that have not been included yet in smart reports. Should be finished later today and when I can continue with other parts. Um. Yeah, I see how far I can go. There's some limit to how much I can do based on how how we do it now if we do with our thing. Go if you already start in Python, if we're prompting stuff, but I'm going to talk about it for Sep when he's back, I think.",Lorenz Westner
85,1," You boys and girls, today I'm going to continue. With the mobile development, Um, probably gonna. Get Peyton to do the redux rewrite. There's some technical that we have right now from the past and now is the perfect time because you also have no more spaces and web app hasn't caught up with channels, mentions and all other stuff. So now is the perfect time I should do the rewrite. Um. Yeah, I'm going to continue your development and the home screen notification thing and then I've talked to set about. All Python merchant Yeah bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
94,1," Morning boys and girls. So today I'm gonna continue with building more of a skeleton basically for Um. A smart report. I'm really waiting for Seb to get back so we can talk about Python stuff which you need to build, but I try to build everything around it to be but we finished basically good progress yesterday. Yeah, let's continue. Bye. Bye. Happy when, Zipper bag.",Lorenz Westner
99,1," Hey guys, sorry for the late check in. So today I'm still organizing all my ****. Still have to do a lot of Um. A lot of like testing with customers, users and for ****. The training and best beyond then. And then it's mostly researched because, Um. Yeah, because there is some questions. Concert. Coming from both internal but external and then. Umm, I think I need to get going on the on the sales force side. Even more because now we have as a. As the third demand. And writing it to contacts.",Sebastian Maurischat
102,1," Hey, it's Peyton. Today I'm going to continue to work to on the Redux migrations and I'm going to try to configure a new store with the new Redux API.",Peyton Protiva
105,1,"Hey, good morning, everyone. Testing the the the noise cancellation again. And I will first do Octa integration for ****. That's the final step I think. And needs to debug something because it's still not working and then I'm going to continue with Salesforce. ",Sebastian Maurischat
108,1, Hey today I'm gonna continue migrating from legacy state management and removing calls to connect() and removing wrappers.,Peyton Protiva
110,1," You, so I'm going to continue for. Element staff. So yes, it means that basically fixed almost all the stuff going on with Python. And it works fine now. But yes, take us out on the M stuff link chain, doing a few test runs, getting a feel for it, and yeah, continue like that. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
114,1, Hey it's Peyton. Today I'm planning to remove any calls to connect in any components in roots in the app dot JSX and remove the connect from any downstream components from those components as well.,Peyton Protiva
115,1," Hey boy sorry forgot to check in. I am spending my time today to fix all of the fuzzy. No Sir. And drop in Walk in Code Acquisition however you want to call it. Visit reports. Um. Basically, what do we do to allow users to create use VoiceLine without having serum connected? That's the main goal and a lot of discussion in the last couple of days and I'm tying this up now so we can finally come to a conclusion. After that I'll be back. I hope to start analytics. Let's see.",Nicolas Kübler
116,1, Hello guys it's today. It's back to Salesforce again today and I need to check the best beyond user. I got them. I got the user this morning so I need to clean our productive Workspace. Concerning the integration and select the best view integration and then reload everything and try to replicate the Onboarding so to say for best beyond Bye.,Sebastian Maurischat
122,1," Yo, good morning. I just figured out the. Hello, good morning. I tested the the version integration yesterday. Um, it actually works quite fine. So now I'm back to either Salesforce or Drive. I think it was integration building. Um. Yep. I think that's actually it. Yeah, 5.",Sebastian Maurischat
127,1, Morning boys and girls. So I'm gonna continue with like the Smartport stuff where I stopped yesterday trying to. Get them. Python I am output mapped to my internal goal. Flexible implementation so we can advance them to flutter at free super close and also retaining sly super far away. Let's see what happens today. Bye bye.,Lorenz Westner
134,1,"Morning. I have a call. With sucks engineering to discuss their visitor report. What this says studs and in the afternoon. I will try to have again the this year M collaboration call with Dito. And in the meantime, I'm trying to figure out which of the OR our processes are. Is the best forum and it says force authentication. The I think I figured one out which which doesn't make sense. And. Yeah, it's it's quite complex though. And if we start, we have to start with the right one though. Bye. ",Sebastian Maurischat
139,1," Morning, guys. Again, nothing really changed. Um, smaller trucks running on the side like competitive positioning. And preparing how we deal with. The CRM integrations to events. But that's mainly actually almost completely prepared already. And then I'm again focusing on analytics, basically trying to get. My local environment running.",Nicolas Kübler
145,1," Good morning. I will continue on the Zoho or our integration and. And for that create some front end routes and for that I have to change the front end routing and then. This also holds for every other auth integration though, so it's just a one time thing we have to do and then it gets easier. Rob and that's it. Bye, bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
150,1," Morning, I still have to fix the e-mail templates and maybe it's actually more difficult than we thought because it needs to be dynamic or we'll fix it now for the ohh. It's not a good solution actually, no, no no, not not stable for the future. So yeah, we need to find something where we dynamically input all the HTML elements and that's not what. It's actually supposed to be. And like that's not how it's supposed to be working in when they go templates so. I don't know, need to think about it and then afterwards continuing with Soho and didn't do anything yesterday though they are so. Yeah, one after the other.",Sebastian Maurischat
156,1," Hey, morning. I still have to do. Two things for. Lawrence to unblock him. The timestamp issue in the mail and then. The database for saving the the reports and then I can continue with Soho. Umm, which I actually didn't do until now, so I I guess I can continue with it during like until lunch time. Bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
160,1,"Um, there's not too much to say. For me. It's still the world floor. Umm. Yeah, which are building? It has following components and pattern components so. And those need to be changed together, chained together, so. Yep, that's what I'm doing now. ",Sebastian Maurischat
166,1," Hi boys and girls on still continuing on all out. There's nothing more to say. And connecting back end, front end and then getting the token from. Uh from Zoho. Um, it could be that I'm getting there that today. Um, it's the first day. Like, where? Where. So today? This is the first point in time where I can get data from. Somehow with the while talking we get. And let's hope for the best.",Sebastian Maurischat
170,1," Hallo Hallo Hallo. Hello. Hello. Interesting. Yeah. So today I'm gonna work on the Zoho. Stuff. Yeah, authentication for the bastion and. During that I'm going to think a little bit and do a little bit of research about declining deep linking Because fireplaces getting killed. So maybe we can use our own service. So that I know yet. What else? What else? Yeah, I also want to create like a go on version of user creation which has some. Tests and so on or whatever. Bye bye.",Lorenz Westner
173,1," Hi guys. It's only about two hours in the back end. I think I found tonight. I thought about it. But, and I think about a pretty good solution how we can. How we can do it with, Um, not too much code and not too much logic. And it makes sense also for admin and. And the final end user then and then I have another investor call in the afternoon and that's it's bye, bye see you.",Sebastian Maurischat
179,1," Morning. Today I will focus on the sync part of these of this award process and since everything else is working fine, we're getting access and refresh tokens from them. And yeah, and we're also inputting the admin if it's not there, so the so the integration user, so in the best case the admin. Um, user. Which we don't know of course, because I mean the back end doesn't know. Um, yeah. But now to the thinking process of the whole thing. So. I'll actually check if the access token is working fine. And then I also need to implement a process to refresh it if it's Um. If it's all fine, bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
183,1," Hey, good morning. Yesterday I mostly did some some groundwork for. The authors Authentication again. Yeah, since we have to differentiate between the admin or dem forgot something. Yes, so yeah, and groundwork Authentication again. And now I'm back to the access token, refresh token thing for. For actually getting the data, which I'm going to test today.",Sebastian Maurischat
186,1," Hey, guys. So on my end, I'm just gonna work on the pipeline as much as I can today. Um, it's taking longer than I thought, but that's what it is and.",Nicolas Höflinger
188,1, Hey today I'm focusing on workspace settings and building the integration redirect function. Um. Yeah. So I'll see how I'll get on with that.,Peyton Protiva
197,1," Ohh, seems like Danielle Summarization failed. I'm going to continue with pipe drive today as. I'm still blocked by the. Um. How's it called? Project facts. Yeah, actually that's it. And hopefully if there's some some successful or not successful testing I can already debug. So bye bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
200,1," Oops, I morning a bit late in the day. Check in and. I didn't progress yesterday on the CRM integrations because I was dragged out. Um, to a lot of different other stuff. And. Yeah. Doesn't matter. Going to continue. After lunch because before I have to steal to the. The job description for the machine. Turn right, think. Help. Ohh and I have to check this Salesforce integration for the other customer. Yeah, that's a bit of the problem. So.",Sebastian Maurischat
208,1," Hi, good morning and today I will check the. The project facts integration with Lawrence together so that everything is working with the password, login, username and then so that's only for the log in and then hopefully I can finish the the whole thing. In the course of the next two days or so, so I'm also thinking. And is possible if I find a way to write the notes somehow to the. To the sense opportunity and the contact, which I'm still not sure if that's even possible.",Sebastian Maurischat
211,1," Good morning. Today I will spend my day guessing the payload of project facts to create objects because it's not documented anywhere so. It's the weirdest **** ever. There, you know? It doesn't matter. So it's. And in the final stages of project facts. Um. But I can still not say. If I if actually we can create the objects until it's successful once, because I cannot be sure my.",Sebastian Maurischat
214,1," Morning again, CRM stuff and project fix responded, but exactly in the way. I mean, it just doesn't solve anything for me. So I'm going to continue with Soho getting different objects and then again with pipe drive. You know, and that's, that's it for the whole day I guess. Bye, bye.",Sebastian Maurischat
216,1, Morning guys. Quite a lot of customer success starts today in Sprint Planning. I also wanted to test the new Asia Python. Umm I think Asia open I. Deployment on the UK server. Stuck a little bit here. Yeah. And then basically continue on initiative initiatives for the engagement which. Mainly include for now for me for today the translation of the app. I hope that I can wrap this up before afternoon.,Nicolas Kübler
217,1," You had a boys and girls too. I'm gonna test out iPhone development for the new recorder. Handling assimilate after then revise, which makes testing a lot harder, but hopefully it's worth it. And I also have some other stuff open from product which are minor improvements with her which necessitate large rewrites, so I'm going to push those a bit into the future.",Lorenz Westner
218,1," Morning guys. I will. Continue with the project facts, but also. Check out the new e-mail provider we selected and see. If we can easily implement it and with our current stack and then if it gets better the e-mail delivery in the end. Yep.",Sebastian Maurischat
222,1," Hey morning I will continue. So Project fix should be done now. Also from a web app perspective, so you can then can log in and do the integration and then all the. Subsequent users are getting prompted. That's working fine. Umm, And. Now we'll continue with Zoho again for getting all the. Other objects, not only the. And their accounts as we do it now. Right.",Sebastian Maurischat
232,1, Two things. Today I will check the Salesforce integration again. So that's also working for some ö soon. Soon me two more drives with SMART reports and only voice lines and the other part is so. Integration being able to get three types of um of objects. And. Yeah. And that's it if I'm if I'm done with those today.,Sebastian Maurischat
234,1," Alright boys, 3 topics for today. First one is handing in the apps, German apps, so we basically get into the store and can launch. Second one is. Bring the. The power user journey. So basically I want to wrap this up as well and see like what measures we can take all of it for customer success, for sales, for product and so on. Basically to get more users along the scale to become power users of VoiceLine. And. Then I want to start with product discovery for the Recorder experience. Recorder experience basically means Recorder length. So we want to crease it. It's very popular feedback by now. And yeah, I want to tackle this holistically. So I want to do some discovery and probably hopefully talk to some people as well. And then we can tackle this next.",Nicolas Kübler
