,kcluster,content,author
3,2," Hey guys. I just finished the last feedback on the onboarding deck. So now I'll finalize it and crush it in file size so it can be shared via e-mail. Then I have some stuff to do in the sales tech and then probably moving on to. Finally cleaning up. Finally, cleaning up the components and all like the sign organization for the tagging updates, we're ready for the next project. Yeah, excited about that? Cool. I think that's it for me today. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
7,2," Yo-yo, yo. Yeah. Doing kickoff. Awesome. Excited. Super nice. Yeah, probably working on that. Also after the kickoff. Other than that, there might be some animation stuff going on, some e-mail stuff. And possibly just Um. A little more slide work to be done right.",Daniel Thranholm
9,2," Hello. So yeah, I'm spending my day before midday on doing wireframes based on the talks we had yesterday. And then we catching up after midday and then probably reiterating some of the stuff based on our talks. Yeah, I think that's the date for me. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
19,2," Hey guys so for me today I'll be working on the keep working on the new project documentation finishing up our thoughts from yesterday. Getting the next step set in and then some. Like e-mail work later today with with Lawrence? Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
23,2," Hey guys. Yeah, yesterday went with some. Reiterating on wireframes for the documentation Update, which is very cool. A lot of good feedback from Yeah dev and product, so very nice. And yeah, today I'm just head down working on building the click dummy prototype. So yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
27,2," Hello guys so I am continuing to work on the designs for the documentation though still a lot of work to do there and then also doing a little bit of a detour today doing a couple of slides for serum managers based on Dinos awesome content from yesterday and then also taking some time off to contact some. Um, some people to Test this, click that me on early next week. Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
33,2," Hey guys so I am spending my day working head down on the documentation designs flows, click dummy. I want to push out a first version today so we can test it and there's still quite a lot of stuff to do but I will. So I'll make some some choices of what to make now and what to optimize later. But yeah, it's looking super awesome. I'm excited to to get this out. Did some good work this morning. Continue now. And yeah, I'll take a break sometime and then jump over to the serum slides and get those done as well. But yeah, that's it for me today. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
35,2," Morning guys. So my goal for today on my last day is just a push of version on staging where you can basically you know see your channels, Um and voice sounds in them and then you can record from somewhere probably home. Um, that's just for testing though. Um, so we can continue with that. Maybe. Maybe I'm putting it in channels to try it out. Um, but yeah, my last day for two weeks, right? So, um, I try to finish stuff up that helps everybody and not, you know, something else. Yeah, but to me, I hope everybody's happy with the new Um summary they get today. Bye, bye.",Lorenz Westner
37,2," Hey guys. So I am pushing for getting the click that we're ready for handling things, the ones that are going to be used there so we can do the video then and I made some good progress this morning actually so. And then I'll move on to doing the more general, more clickable click dummy for for demos and for Testing. Then I'll be reaching out to some to some people Finally to get some Testing scheduled. And yeah, if there's more time, there's some slight stuff, Serum manager stuff. Yeah, that's it for me. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
43,2," Hey, hey guys. So yeah uh great progress on the this report flow yesterday and I'm going to continue to, Yeah, put it into the full demo that I can Test and also for demo calls. So everything is up and working and you're saying on the system so it's easy to. Switch for example the the. The integration around so it always is the correct one for the demo and then reaching out to some testers and aligning with Nico on the Cerem Manager stuff so we can get that started and finished up. Yeah, so yeah, that's it for me today and go guys at Hinterland.",Daniel Thranholm
44,2," Hey guys so today I am continuing on making the bigger click dummy ready for testing and for demo purposes which is going to. Uh, be done today. And then I hopefully and then uh, I'll be. I think I have a lot of slide work to do for the serum and just it seems, but uh, yeah, I'll get to work on that as well today. And then reaching out to some more potential testers for the click time. Cool. That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
51,2," Hey guys so for me today I am The click dummy for demo and Testing is almost done. There's a lot of design work yesterday and I'm going to finish up some design work today on it and then I'll be moving on to the desktop part which also requires a complete new design for how yeah how we do the. Structuring of the visit report, how you you structured, how you set it up basically. And yeah then I'm setting U the first tests reached out to a lot of people yesterday and if you have responded last night, so that's great. So I'm setting up the first Test as well but yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
53,2," Hey guys. Yeah so yesterday was a hectic day, got a lot of good stuff done. Did the first user Test which was very positive and also gave some areas for Like further investigation which is great. So yeah, trying to reach out to more people, got another one, had another one this night user testing but is moved to tomorrow night. But yeah, trying to get more. Also doing some reiteration on the visit report flow based on a talk with binary yesterday. Evening and Yeah, then finishing up some design on the report build as well. Yeah, a lot of Projects trying to push through on this, this report right now to to get it super nice and ready for them for when. Yeah, when Lawrence is back. So he can basically just jump in and and get it done. But yeah, I think that's it for me. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
58,2," Hey guys. So yeah, my yesterday mainly went with. New designs for, Yeah, the storyline, basically the new demo storyline, but that also involved new designs for the report builder and all that kind of stuff, which is now done. But yeah, I didn't get to do a lot of work on the misreport flow, so I have a little bit of illustration design work for. Presentations this morning and then I am moving back to ******** focus on the this report. Documentation flow Basically, yeah. Trying to reach out to a lot more people for tests I have. Uh, probably 2 scheduled for this afternoon. Like one in sales and one out of sales, completely out of sales, which I think is fine. And then, Yeah, trying to get more people. Yeah, reaching out. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
63,2," Hey guys so for me today I am currently synthesizing the user Test feedback I've gotten. I've used the Tester with three people just synthesizing that, getting the insights out also pushing for more testing. I still have some minor concerns. I want to have more user feedback on to to make a decision on and then I have a session with Lino scaling down this this report into the band minimum for successful feature so we can have. Governance. Build it next week, starting next week And and building it as fast as possible, right. But yeah. Also, yeah, doing some more stuff there. Getting everything set up for Lawrence for next week. Yep, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
64,2," Alright guys, so I managed to wrap up the prompts yesterday in the evening. Um. So now we have a fixed structure for visit reports and also prompt that extracts that structure. Which is really nice. Um. So today I would actually wrap this whole thing up. Also design wise, going to sync with Daniel, so we have the scope of the first version laid out and then I'm going to move everything into Figma for Sprint planning and For handover to Laura next week. Umm, then I'm picking up next task, I think I'm supporting a bit again and go to market content. Um, there's two open things. I think I always left her hand in the visit report. In the way that we send it out to users after the pilot is actually something, yeah, we have to think about the content and the visualization. So I'm gonna do this as well today, yeah. And then continue from there on.",Nicolas Kübler
65,2," Hey guys, phone me today. I am head down working on the last parts of the this report flow, nerding details, making sure everything is as it should be, implementing user feedback I've had. I have about like 2, maybe 3 calls early next week so I guess I'll use those as well, but it's doing great, had some great discussions yesterday. Yeah, So I'll be putting it all into frame so it's easy for Lawrence to to work on. Didn't get to do that yesterday unfortunately. But yeah, that's it for me. Basically working on that, getting the details done. So super nice, Getting everything documented nicely so it's easy handover for for Lawrence. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
69,2," Hello guys so for me today I am just finishing up a little bit of stuff on the Documentation flow after a sync yesterday with Lawrence. Um yeah should be fairly quick. And then I have a little bit of user testing as well. And then I my main focus is basically the the analytics part version one for today. Had a good sync with Dino yesterday and like trying to get all the thoughts down to a first wire frame. But yeah, that's it for me today. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
75,2," Hey guys, so for me today I am standing up with a user Test in, Yeah, 10 minutes. Um, then I'll synthesize that with the current one. All the feedback I have right now and then I am moving on to Um. More of the analytics part, I didn't get to do that much yesterday, that was a lot of fix up on the Documentation flow for the handover. But yeah, I get some nice work in today, got some good thoughts and yeah that's probably it for me doing maybe also the 1st. Cubby run from the new landing page. But yeah, cool, That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
78,2," Hey guys, so currently I'm working on copy from the new landing page then waiting for async with Dino on the Analytics V1 and then I am continuing to work on that probably for the rest of the day paired with some landing page copy here and there. That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
82,2," Hello guys. So my day's split between two things today, the analytics piece. Version one of that good discussions yesterday. Didn't get to do a lot of work on it but got way more time today, which is nice. And then also the landing page copy with the sync with Lino and Nico. Hopefully we will get a first structure and a first version of the copy so I can start working on. Uh, ambitious and all that kind of stuff Early next week? Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
87,2," Hello hello so for me this week I have two topics. I have the landing page, the new website and then analytics. For the landing page we I'm hoping we Push a agree on a structure today both content and their structure which means I can start working. Um like we can start nerding out on the copywriting and I can start slowly working on the design structure and everything there and getting it into framer also. Learning frame of this week and for analytics, yeah, we had a lot of back and forth yesterday. So yeah. And in the week before, so, but yeah. Doing some small wireframes on some, some on some Atom levels which we know we're going to need I think, and just trying to to figure out and then waiting on. Yeah, syncing with Lino I guess at some point to move forward but yeah it's a big nut to crack. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
90,2," Hello today I'm working on the analytics based on the talks from yesterday. So doing wireframes on that basically the entire day, that's my task for today. I might switch it up with a little bit of smaller task I have in the backlog just when my brain get roasted on the wireframes. Yeah, and then I have a user Test here at 9 Um, postponed from from last week. But yeah, that's my day. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
96,2," Hello hello so I am working on analytics today again. Did some good progress yesterday and just now finished up Version one of the analytics. So I'm moving on to version 2 with the clustering of the data as well because that might have some implications on the Version 1. I don't think it's going to be that bad because yeah, I've I've had Version 2 in mind while designing Version one as well. Yes, when wireframes there. Ready for the Version one? And yeah I'll be doing analytics for the rest of the day. A little bit of cover writing at the end of the day and then a user call here at 9 post postpone from from yesterday. So Finally hopefully today at 9. Cool bye. That's it for.",Daniel Thranholm
104,2," Hello for me today. I am mainly working on analytics again. Had a good discussion yesterday. So I'm implementing all of those thoughts and feedbacks and all that kind of stuff into a super to the bone version of the first analysis we're gonna put out. Um. Yeah, also have a sync with Dino and go to market stuff and landing page later today as well, Learning page cover writing. So yeah, that's it for me for today. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
111,2," Hey guys, sold for me today. I'm working on Um. Reading more on the serum this. Portfolio that we also worked on yesterday and talked a lot about yesterday, had some good talks, so hoping to finish that up today. Then also working on, yeah, moving on to the next page again which is my main focus, maybe a couple of or small task throughout the day, but yeah, let's see how it goes. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
118,2," Hello I am today working on. Some smaller design adjustment based on talks we had the two last days about the biz report flow. So Yeah, changing that up, finalizing that and then mainly working on dining page throughout the day. So yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
124,2," Hello, So I am continuing with landing page. Made good progress yesterday, pretty excited about it. Yeah, and probably singing with the Lino Nico at some point today on some final structure stuff. And yeah. That's probably it for me today. Otherwise I'll do a little bit of, Yeah, work on the this report though. Didn't get to do it yesterday. Yeah, that's it Me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
126,2," Hello. So I'm working on the next page again, starting to pour over into frame and learning how to do that most efficiently. So yeah, we locked in the structure of the signed more or less yesterday, which is nice. Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
130,2," Hey guys, so for me today I am currently finishing up the designs for the instant Smart Report feature that we agreed on last week, which is solely because being finished, that I'm going to send it off for approval and then send it off to Lauren so you can develop it and then I'm jumping back into creating the landing page. Also good progress yesterday, a lot of technical work, but yeah, that's it for me today. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
135,2," Hello little guys. So for me today I'm 100% focused on landing page. Yesterday was a lot of work on the base report flow, the No CRM version, that kind of stuff took a lot of the day. But today is a landing page. So I'll get a good move here today. Nice. That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
140,2," Hey guys. So for me it's landing page all day Um. Did all of the distractions yesterday, got some feedback and did a new round of iterations this morning. Finishing up now? Yeah. And then yeah, that's a lot of stuff to do. Copywriting. More copywriting, Getting it. Framing, response, responsive. Yeah, lot of stuff. But yeah, I'm pushing for it today to reach 99 tomorrow. Cool. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
147,2," Hey guys. So for me today I'm doing the last big push on the landing page. Still a fair amount of stuff to be done, but it's moving forward, which is nice. But yeah, that's my day Basically. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
152,2," Hey guys so I am working on some small task for the smartport stuff we need to get in before we push it to the store. And then also Yeah, website stuff, Getting second language in doing see you optimization and and that kind of stuff. But yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
154,2," Hello guys so I am working on the last parts of the landing page. Um got the translation working this morning. Still some work to do and then handing it over to Max so he can. Have the his translation put in there and also setting U the cookies and some other small stuff that we need to do but Basically ready to launch. It's now live which is cool, yeah. Then moving on to. Maybe a little bit working Smart Report and then maybe working on on the offline recording stuff. Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
159,2," Hey guys so for me today I am a first of all trying to get the correct setup of the landing page language as a lot of box yesterday some of them got fixed but not all of them could help with himself. There's some problem with our adhesive, some buck with the Dennis I don't know but we I'm getting help from the support from the service We using. So hopefully we can get that on today so we can get the correct translation of the German version on today and hopefully maybe also. The launch of landing page today, I don't know. Let's see. And then also working on offline recording and some other small stuff tasks here and there. Cool, That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
168,2," Hey guys so for me today I am just finishing off some of the offline recorder stuff in Figma. Just minor details, made most of it yesterday. Then I have some, Yeah a few small tasks on the web app, preparing some stuff for for Peyton. Finishing that up in Figma. And then there's the translation on the website, and probably starting the next design project as well. At least a sinking on it. Yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
171,2," Hello guys so. I've been working on some smaller bug fixes both on the landing page, both with language and some other stuff, but that seems to be fixed now. So now we only need the translation on them, then we get to go. Um, and then I'm also today working on the O flows that we talked about yesterday, like how to do the CRM integrations on the web app and what happens on the mobile app. Finishing up the designs for those two flows and then handing them. And then I have a bunch of smaller things I want to fix today and then moving on to the next Projects is my goal here. So yeah, that's it for me.",Daniel Thranholm
178,2," Hello guys so I am finishing up the auth flow for web and mobile. Then I am fixing a little bit on the landing page, but that's Basically red to launch. So I think we should do that today, put it out on LinkedIn, so, so forth. And then I have a bunch of smaller stuff I want to tie up today and then move on to the next project. So probably syncing with Lino on on that what is what Has prior right now. So yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
182,2," Hey, it's Peyton. Umm, today. I'm still working on the My Voice Lines page. There's some visual bugs that I can't umm that I'm struggling with. So yeah, just gonna continue working on that. And if I get finished then I'll ask Lawrence for the next thing.",Peyton Protiva
185,2," Hello guys. So I am finishing up some more stuff this morning on the Soho, the Ortho signs, a lot of different stuff and then I'm moving on to the next project basically. So yeah, and then I'll be working on that for the rest of the day, I guess. So yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
191,2," Hello hello guys So yeah I have a few small tasks but my main thing for today and what I'll be spending. 90% of the day on is working on the multi select for the SMART reports. Yes, that's nice. That's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
196,2," Hello so this morning I worked on the Music and events selection Smart Reports that almost done just finishing up and then pushing them in for review. I guess they've also been through a couple of iterations with Mandina which is nice. Then I'm moving on to like the workflow builder. Basically we talked about yesterday needs to be. Like, bigger than originally thought. It's not just a smart report builder anymore, it's more comprehensive. So redoing some of the science there, She'll probably take up the rest of the day. And if not, then I'm finishing up the most select voice lines in the Smart report. Yep, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
199,2," Hello hello so yesterday I got some feedback on the multi selection in smart reports and also the event selection. So basically worked on the motor selection yesterday and finished it up this morning. So now I sent for review and that should be done unless there's any other comments on it then I am Yeah currently working on the workflow builder. And then having a sync with Dino on the event selection in the smartphone, it's like it's basically like the the main part of it is basically done like the selection, but we need to figure out where to put the actual entry point to the selector which we're going to have a sync on here at 9:00. And then I'll be working, Yeah, finishing up the workflow builder, finishing up the doing the, The muselet VoiceLine in this Mart reporters will probably also today, but yeah. That's it for me. Big push. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
202,2," Hey Um, another daily check in. I'm sorry I forgot to do this for the last few days I'm gonna try to be more consistent with it. And the last few days I've been updating the integrations UI on the website and now I'm moving on to upgrading the pricing UI as well as the onboarding flow UI and with the new UI library.",Peyton Protiva
203,2," Hello. Hello So uh. Yesterday had a longer sync with Dino on the events selection. Basically where to do this like how we do this the best way. And also did a bunch of smaller design tests. So I've been catching up a little bit this morning, finishing up the multi stick for products with the dinosaurs comment, then working on the mustache. Collection of voice lines in the smart report, which is soon done, and then I'll be working on the event selection data today again to figure out how we best do it and hopefully there's more time. I'll do some some work so building. That building the work, so better bidding out some more, but yeah, that's it for me today. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
237,2," Hello, hello. I've been finishing off some small tasks and now I'm moving on to the next. I guess big thing here is just lost recordings how we handled the arrows which I'll be working on now and until I'm done I don't know how long that's going to take and otherwise it would be probably looking at at the backlog of of of design stuff I have or yeah, so yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
245,2," Yo-yo, so I am working on some little bit of QA on the core product right now and then singing with the Lino and Lawrence on yeah, the next big topic which are. Workflows and then I'll probably be spending the rest of the day on that. Uh. Yeah, that's it for me today. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
249,2," Hey guys, so I am. Going head deep today into the next big project which is Workflows and yeah had some good. Uh, talks with both parents and they know Yesterday, which was super nice, and now I'm basically just, yeah, taking the product. She's probably also going to be the entire next week. It's a big UX problem and also UI later on. But yeah, that's exciting about The thing is going to be great. And also fixing some, Yeah, smaller, smaller design tickets today that was raised yesterday. But yeah, that's it for me. Bye.",Daniel Thranholm
