,kcluster,content,author
4,4," Morning peeps, Not sure if we're gonna do a real check in today. Anyhow, it's very straightforward this week, today and tomorrow. Will be our product workshop week. So Um. We're going to spend both days. On finding a good solution, or at least a good solution draft. 4. Entity recognition. Basically, we want to understand what information lies within deals. Yeah, so pretty excited for that one and also for the rest of the week. Bye, bye.",Nicolas Kübler
12,4," Hey morning peeps. I am now today focusing on nailing down the real information that users want to have. I guess it's actually in preparation for the primitives as well, so I wanna. Write down the individual information pieces. And define them correctly. And then we can talk about it after lunch.",Nicolas Kübler
21,4," You guys. For me today, I think I will discuss with Daniel how to continue from our exploration yesterday. It's actually pretty straightforward I think in mapping out user flows now and testing stuff. And then for me it's more about hypothesis testing. So I'll try to reach out to SRAM managers again, get some call scheduled, pitch them what we are trying to do and see how they react if they comply with it or if they're against that. Yeah, and then there's also playing. I think we're gonna move it some steps. Not here. And then some other calls, yeah, but I think pretty straightforward they.",Nicolas Kübler
25,4," Morning, guys. Today it's all about CRM managers. So yesterday I actually managed to draft down a first version content pieces and I discussed with Daniel. So we'll spend some time today to bring it on the slides. Then I'll Also transform a IT into A1 pager format that we can send out. And I am also going to reach out to CRM managers to get interviews scheduled hopefully. Yeah. We also have product grooming and stuff, but that's my main task for today. Bye bye.",Nicolas Kübler
46,4," Morning peeps, first order of the day I think is. Basically doing all after. Processing of the fair and getting all leads in a follow-up able state. And then I'm actually going to catch up on everything that happened on Slack. I saw Nikolas pushing a lot forward. So I think I'm going to go through all of that. Yep. And then see where to pick off again.",Nicolas Kübler
70,4," Morning peeps for me. A couple of topics today kind of already sorted out the Salesforce issues with technical users. Being paid. Yeah, that's gotta Basically wrap it up and see what's the next steps. Um. Then there's the analytics topics. I'm going to continue on the Um. Basically coming up with a structure for Clements and for data labeling for our long term analytics and also had a longer chat with Daniel yesterday regarding the first version of the chat analytics. So actually I think no not much more input needed from my side. Umm. Yeah, And then if there is time left, I'm actually gonna take a look into our new landing page. I'm gonna write my first copy down.",Nicolas Kübler
77,4," Hey beeps, pretty straightforward today. I am working on analytics. Hope to wrap this up today. Basically the version 2 where we. Synthesize all the content that people want to see. And. Yeah, I'm in version one with Daniel. We already talked about it and I think it's in a very good track. I said some great ideas yesterday that we shared and discussed. Um, and then I'm actually probably gonna start with the website today.",Nicolas Kübler
81,4," Morning peeps, I'm spending some time today to. To write some copy for the different releases. So we need release notes for the mobile store. And we need. Ah, an update e-mail to our user base. Basically let them know their channels are dead, Ohh spaces are dead. And channels are the new thing on mobile at least. So I'm going to do that in the morning and then. Um, spending more time on analytics? Basically, yeah, talking with Daniel, how we continue after the discussion that had frequent evening yesterday, so actually very good.",Nicolas Kübler
84,4," Alright, alright, morning peeps. Today we have actually tried 2 pretty interesting calls. First one with the Schwartz Cooper, which would be very nice because if we nail this then we are very close to closing and also obviously be a huge deal. So excited for that one. And then we're going to talk about the landing page, specifically the copy. Um, yeah. Daniel, Annika, me and me. And it's probably going to take some time. And then I'm gonna spend today some time on the analytics structure, so. What data should go in there and what data do you want to surface if she working on that right now? And then I hope that Daniel will also come up at some point with some new wireframes that we can discuss all together also with Lawrence, I think. Bye, bye.",Nicolas Kübler
86,4," Your morning keeps have two topics for this week. First one the most important one is analytics, second one is website. Daniel's only website, so I'm just. Providing content and stuff if needed and input and then I'm owning analytics and what I'm doing right now is actually. Coming up with the concept. That basically solves the user stories we're looking for, so. We actually had quite a lot of things with Laura and Daniel on this and had some quite good ideas, but I actually went into testing with GPT. And the transpac data we found out that the data we have and that we display doesn't really behave the way. That we set up the concept and the designs, so we can have to take this into consideration. And yeah, I'm a little bit moving back and forth now to see what's the best structure for us to follow.",Nicolas Kübler
93,4," Yo, morning peeps. I'm gonna Synthesize in the morning today. All the analytics discussion said yesterday is literally talking to Nico, then to Lawrence and to Dania. Think we have been pretty nice concept now laid out and want to Basically draft it down so you can freeze it and talk about it more in case we need to. Yeah. So it's for the morning and let's see what the afternoon brings.",Nicolas Kübler
98,4," Hey team, so I'm today I'm focusing more on outbound and also nurturing the automatic elites. I'm getting first responses including one guy who told us that he wants to 1st focus on implementing their own voice based solution. So I'm going to be arguing that you know whatever they implement is going to be inferior to to VoiceLine so that's going to be interesting. Other than that, Nico and I discussed this morning to start focusing on content generation or all sorts of content. That we can use to Basically in the long term start portraying ourselves as thought leaders for AI and sales. And we're also going to use this content in cases where leads have told us that they're interested, but they can only start dealing with with VoiceLine in three or even longer months. And we're going to nurture them Basically by sending them content throughout this. Kind of like newsletters about about AI and VoiceLine.",Max Luedecke
100,4," Hello hello there. I actually forgot to do my check in so got drawn into freaking calls. Um. But for me, basically, I think the analytics concept is done. We're gonna talk about it today with the product team. And. If there is no more red flags, we actually quite clear there and I am then focusing and already started with that on. Hipotesis tests. So basically the risking everything, making sure like we don't like no dump underlying assumptions slipping through, Um. Yep. And then going to use the test to see from there on how we're going to do it. I think this time it's going to be a little bit different because there's also technical limitations and risks, Um, and some business risks as well regarding the costs associated. So let's see. But that's what I'm going to spend time on.",Nicolas Kübler
120,4," Good morning. Peeps spending time today back on analytics I think. I'm actually tired of defining assumptions, so I think I'm gonna build the prototype today. I'll start working on the prototype. And then based on the findings, do some more user tests for any other assumption that's still open. Um, yeah, probably gonna be it. First have to think about the tech stack if I really wanna do it in Google Sheets or somewhere else. Umm, yeah, I'll figure it out.",Nicolas Kübler
121,4," Morning People spending time on analytics today? Um, completely focusing down on that. And I actually found out a pretty cool Tool yesterday and I want to dig some some research into. Basically embedding spectral databases and knowledge graphs. And see if this actually gets us anywhere in terms of raising insights, analyzing insights. Yeah, so there's an alternative architecture to the one that they're focusing on right now Just are not that bad to be honest, but they're also not brilliant. So yeah, I want to see if there's a better way.",Nicolas Kübler
125,4, Your morning peeps working on analytics today trying to. Fine tune the prompter little bit better. So the insights that we get are actually more reproducible. And then probably spending some time on clustering.,Nicolas Kübler
133,4,"All right. Morning boys. I am today spending again time on analytics. I'm actually trying to get some Python code running because I wanna check out embeddings and how we can use them to categorize or maybe even cluster insights. Let's see. And then I have some other smaller tasks like we're doing in competitive analysis right now for different serum systems and so on, So some side. Must also design, but mainly analytics. Yep. So piece out here. ",Nicolas Kübler
137,4," Hey, guys. I'm finalizing the competitive landscape slide this morning. Then I'll be doing my cold calling Sprint Basically, where I just do the most urgent tasks. And then about US content for the rest of the day because I need to deliver on this today for for Daniel. Yep, that's my day. Pretty simple. 3 topics Basically.",Max Luedecke
144,4," Morning peeps. Even though I would love to do some more exploration of Python, I think I have to go back to onboarding material today. And then later in the day, we also have a sink to basically discuss how we want to tackle. Writing to. Visits and serum systems. Yeah, that's it. Bye bye.",Nicolas Kübler
148,4," Good morning guys. So apparently the onboarding guide is a ******* pain in the *** to build. There's so many freaking screens. Um, so I think I'm going to focus on that today. So get it over with. Probably going to spend it this half a day on it, maybe even more. Let's see. Super annoying. And then switching back to analytics at some point, hopefully.",Nicolas Kübler
153,4," Morning peeps. I'm spending my morning to wrap up our onboarding material. I think it's just a couple of slides left. I'm almost done and then I am hopefully going to jump back to analytics. But there's also quite a lot of little PM tasks left, so Writing tickets, checking out bug reports. I also want to think about how we deal with multiple feedback yesterday. Yeah. So kind of the task ahead today.",Nicolas Kübler
157,4," All right. Good morning, peeps. Looks like I'm finally back into analytics today. Notebook is set up and running. Also made some progress already. So it seems like I am down to some coding today would be awesome.",Nicolas Kübler
161,4," Morning boys, let me do some check in here. Yesterday I managed to wrap up everything I wanted to do for a clustering so we can discuss it anytime. Um, set up a blocker for tomorrow. It's if that still makes sense because most people are not here. Anyways, I will spend a little bit more time today I think on this and basically make it presentation ready, but also do some more extra steps that I kind of want to do and try. So I'm going to do that today. That's not going to take much time. I think maybe one or two hours Max. I also fixed the production prompts, or at least I changed them so they're now working for Nico's VoiceLines, so can copy them in the database. And then today I'm gonna spend the rest of the time I think like looking into usage metrics and the user journey and Basically thinking about how we can get more user engagement.",Nicolas Kübler
164,4," Hello, hello. Good morning peeps. I am actually done some power with my analytics part. Going to present stuff later in the afternoon. Also done. An investigative. Activity metrics, so something to address. Also joined to discuss probably the product team so. Going to spend some more time today to explore other techniques for clustering. It's kind of weird that. And I mean the whole days crowded and meetings, so not much time left Anyways. And then I think the remaining time. Thinking about how we can structure the feedback. The next upcoming weeks because we don't really have a system set up for that yet since we ditched product board. I'm probably gonna spend some time with that as well.",Nicolas Kübler
172,4," Hi, morning peeps. I am today going to spend more time on. The and setting up the process to basically collect feedback from users and funded somehow into notion. Using SAPR, GPT and some custom code I think. Yeah, Basically replace product board. It's going to take a little bit of time in the morning, I think. Um. And I think after that I'm going back to the Analytics MVP. I had a chat with Nico yesterday on how we want the output to look like. No, no, I'm trying to basically replicate that. In an automatic pipeline using Python. Yeah. So that's what I'm going to do, I think today.",Nicolas Kübler
177,4," Morning guys, gonna continue with the analytics today. I send out e-mail yesterday. I'm gonna Basically fine tune it a little bit more I think, so the content spot on and then show it to some users. I think there's also called schedule today. And then I'm also going to. Once you have the sign off by Nico, take a look. Into how? We can technically deliver such an e-mail and the content that's within it. Yeah. And then I think I'll have to sync with Daniel at some point, talk about the upcoming tasks. We actually have Sprint planning on Friday maybe. Hmm, makes sense to sit down altogether and discuss a little bit how we're proceeding.",Nicolas Kübler
189,4," Alright peeps, I'm doing my daily check in wait to ******* late today. I'm completely forgot about it. I am basically doing on product side feedback and collecting feedback and then preparing the grooming for later and the pipe and basically the road map which should be pretty straightforward. And the rest of the time I'm actually doing analytics and extraction prompts in Python. Just received Lawrence production files and I'm. Working on rewriting the function and basically trying out. It new GPT functionality where? You can basically provide it with a structure that it's supposed to answer in, which is supposed to work really well and I want to see how reliable it is. Yeah, which would also be awesome for the analytics.",Nicolas Kübler
192,4," Your boy's first customer interview done today was actually quite interesting. I'm about the analytics solution. Today you have Sprint planning and I am eager to wrap up the all of the VoiceLine extraction and the smart reports so we can talk about in spring planning how we hand this over and like handle the whole prompt engineering and stuff in the long run. Yeah. And then I think I'm gonna continue on the analytics MVP today. Feedback room is happening. On the fly, Basically. So I'm going to do that every day. Um, starting by now, but Um. Yeah. I'm probably going to spend more time with the analytics because if people actually demand it then we need to be fast and creating those.",Nicolas Kübler
194,4," You guys got damn it, just recorded my Jelly check in on the wrong account. So today I am spending time on user engagement. Wanna see how? If, how and if there is any initiatives to basically increase activity on? Actually mapped out quite a lot of initiatives last week already. So for me it's now doubling down, prioritizing a bit and then also thinking about like actual flows that we could do and then basically doing some discovery to test. How? Yeah, like it is at work. Yeah. Then there's lots of minor tasks. And then if there's time left, I'm going to spend that on analytics to build a categorization pipeline. Didn't do anything yesterday. It's busy doing smaller, more important things.",Nicolas Kübler
198,4," Good morning everybody. So on my end, Luckily no meetings today so I could focus to get some content stuff done. Um, I already posted the proposed measures regarding the. Engagement. I think this is currently the biggest topic we have to solve as a company. And then I'm going to work a bit on the pricing and business case logic. I think there's some things we need to fix in order to come to our goal of cash flow positive or close to that at least very soon. So that's basically, um, next to doing of course, pipeline work what I'm gonna be doing today. So take care.",Nicolas Höflinger
201,4," Hey, party people didn't do my check in yet. I am spending the whole day on nothing else but engagement metrics. I think it's most important part right now. So analytics has been deprioritized for now. The only thing I'm going to add is the pricing page content. So you can dish that one out and at least test it theoretically with you with people. And I think the next big step on engagement part besides basically the workflow. Of smart reports which were attacking a little bit at the moment is going to be how we can get a military thinking into the sales organisations. So basically, how can we track and make Umm engagement transparent so the leaders can actually punish people who are not using VoiceLine? That's probably our biggest level right now.",Nicolas Kübler
204,4," Goddamnit. Forgot to record my check in today. Nothing really changed. Still on engagement. Currently writing release notes, then back to thinking about engagement, engagement, initiatives and next thing to be honest, going to be. Again, tracking team performance stream activity for the. Pilot use us.",Nicolas Kübler
210,4," Good morning party people. I will today spend some time on translations. Just nested task, but think if you rush through it you'll actually get it done pretty fast. And then I want to spend some time on initiatives like overarching initiatives for engagement. Basically prioritizing the Sprint planning for tomorrow. That's the main goal. We have goal behind that. And then starting with some of the initiatives we can do from the product side. So which basically means nudging people about the usage, something I really wanna try basically by Wizard of Oz manually just dishing out some emails. Yeah. And then see where this leads. Let's see.",Nicolas Kübler
224,4," Morning team. Today I'm doing a starting the day with a a helping lean on some analytics stuff. We're just going through the first report for for Zacks and then I'm doing a big sales push hoping to get ********. And in the afternoon, preparing some trade fairs.",Max Luedecke
225,4, Morning People should spend some time in the morning to wrap up the sex analytics report. Um. And then I'll go back to. Engagement initiatives.,Nicolas Kübler
228,4," Morning peeps Spend way too much time yesterday on the ******* Analytics report, but it's mostly done now. You need to send it out. I'm gonna spend some time today to check how Project Fax works for sex. I'm also having a meeting with Michael for sex. And after that, spending more time on product discovery again, umm, we have lots of user feedback that are already groomed. Now I just want to prioritize it, extract features and then basically prepare the grooming for tomorrow so we know what to do next. Yep, that's it.",Sebastian Maurischat
